doc(monitoring): monitoring guide (#3300)
bentoml/BentoML: docs/source/integrations/arize.rst

> ========

Reviewer: Let's also populate this doc and give a tutorial end-to-end

Arize AI
========

> Arize AI provides a unified platform for data scientists, data engineers, and ML engineers to monitor, analyze, and debug ML models in production.
> If you don't want to deploy a pipeline by yourself but still need data and model monitoring for the bussiness, Arize AI is a good choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arize AI provides a unified platform for data scientists, data engineers, and ML engineers to monitor, analyze, and debug ML models in production.
```

> For end-to-end solutions for data/model monitoring, BentoML colaborates with Arize AI to make it easy to work with all BentoML Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our collaboration with Arize AI makes it easy to integrate end-to-end solutions for data/model monitoring with BentoML Deployments.
```

> .. seealso::
>    How to use:
>    :ref:`Inference Data Collection & Model Monitoring <guides/monitoring:Plugins and Third-party Monitoring Data Collectors>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. seealso::
   
   :ref:`Inference Data Collection & Model Monitoring <guides/monitoring:Plugins and Third-party Monitoring Data Collectors>` demonstrates how to use this integration.
```
